{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Metadata file for \'91Resource-Driven Encounters Among Consumers and Implications for the Spread of Infectious Disease' 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Jackal data were collected by Steven Bellan and carcass data were collected by the Berkeley Etosha Anthrax Project team, both with support from an NSF-NIH Ecology of Infectious Disease Grant (award GM83863 to WM Getz) and with assistance from the Etosha Ecological Institute, (Namibian Ministry of Environment and Tourism).
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 jackalGPS contains the jackal location data and includes the following fields:
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0id - identifies which jackal the GPS coordinate is for
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0date - time and date of the GPS ping
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0long - longitude value of the GPS coordinate
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0lat - latitude value of the GPS coordinate
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Jackal locations are shown for GPS collars on animals after the collar's deployment and until collar recovery or assumed animal death. Differences in the amount of data between animals arises because data were downloaded from collars manually via VHF tracking and UHF download. Some collars were temporarily set for more frequent than hourly readings.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 carcassLocations contains the carcass location data and includes the following fields: 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0date - date that the carcass was recorded
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0long - longitude value of the GPS coordinate 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0lat - latitude value of the GPS coordinate
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0species - indicates the species of the carcass
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0BAPos - indicates if there was a positive, negative, or undetermined test result for the presence anthrax causing bacteria. This value was not recorded for all carcasses.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 - \'a0jackalCount - number of jackals seen at the carcass when the carcass was recorded. \'a0This value was not recorded for all carcasses.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Duplicate entries were removed and only carcasses with the field \'91scavmov\'92 set to 1 were included. \'91scavmov\'92 indicates whether or not the carcass should be considered with the jackal location data. \'a0One reason why a carcass should not be considered with the jackal location data is if it was known that the carcass was moved or removed for research purposes. In the raw data some of the jackal counts values included comments or were at some point converted to dates. \'a0These values were converted back to the numeric value indicated in the final \'91jackalCount\'92 field. \'a0The primary date \'91date\'92 was chosen to be the date that the carcass was recorded to match with the date the the number of jackals at the carcass was observed. \'a0Test results for the presence of anthrax , field \'92BAPos\'92, were established via selective culture with PCR confirmation. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}